[MTM-56477] User documentation for time series migration process (#2478)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/time-series-migration-support-bundle/enhanced-time-series-support.md

---
weight: 10

> title: Enhanced time series support

Reviewer: See another comment on "enhanced". Using both terms "time series" and "enhanced time series" across documentation suggests we maybe offer 2 levels of time series support...

layout: redirect
helpcontent:
  - label: enhanced-time-series-support
    title: Time series migration

>     content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and their legacy measurement collections are removed after seven days.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to [Analytics > DataHub](https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/)."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval. That actions will lead to removal of legacy collections after 7 days and also will allow further migrations to proceed.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to [Analytics > DataHub](https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/)."
```

>     content: "The **Time series migration** page displays the migration status for the current tenant and its subtenants. From this page, you can schedule the selected tenants for migration. Migrated tenants require user approval and their legacy measurement collections are removed after seven days.\nNote that you might observe difficulties during migration if the DataHub application is subscribed. To learn more refer to [Analytics > DataHub](https://cumulocity.com/docs/datahub/datahub-overview/)."

Reviewer: What should user look for in the linked docs page? Searches for "series" or "migration" do not highlight any text, "time" highlights some but nothing related to this context. Will DataHub docs page be updated too?

Reviewer 3: this part was written far before me, so actually I don't know, I just copied it from the structure before and because so menya ppl already added so many comments event to the own suggestion, frakly I already lost the entire redability of this PR, it's extremly hard to  find the reason of the chnage now
